Documentation improvements for stairs() (#18543)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/steppatch_and_stairs.rst

New StepPatch artist and a stairs method
----------------------------------------
`.pyplot.stairs` and the underlying artist `~.matplotlib.patches.StepPatch`
provide a cleaner interface for plotting stepwise constant functions for the

> common case that you know the step edges. This superseeds most use cases of
> `.pyplot.step`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
common case that you know the step edges. This superseeds many use cases of
`.pyplot.step`, for instance when plotting the output of `numpy.histogram`.
```

> For both the artist and the function, the x-like edges input is one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For both the artist and the function, the x-like edges input is one element
```
